Question: Six pirates discover a chest containing 1 gold coin. 
          They decide to sit down and devise a distribution strategy. 
          The pirates are ranked based on their experience (Pirate 1 to Pirate 6, where Pirate 6 is the most experienced). 
          The most experienced pirate gets to propose a plan and then all the pirates vote on it. 
          If at least half of the pirates agree on the plan, the gold is split according to the proposal. 
          If not, the most experienced pirate is thrown off the ship and this process continues with the remaining pirates 
          until a proposal is accepted. The first priority of the pirates is to stay alive and second to maximize the gold they get. 
          Pirate 6 devises a plan which he knows will keep him alive. What is his plan?
          
Solution: If there is only one pirate, he takes the coin. If there are 2 pirates, pirate 2 takes the coin leaving pirate 1 with nothing.

          If there are 3 pirates, pirate 3 needs one more vote. 
          There is no way we can convince pirate 2 since he benefits if pirate 3 dies. 
          Pirate 3 gives the gold coin to pirate 1 to get his vote so he survives.

          If there are 4 pirates, pirate 4 needs one more vote. He can’t give it to pirate 1 since pirate 1 will get the gold coin 
          even if pirate 4 dies. He can give it either to pirate 2 or 3 which will get him another vote to ensure his survival.

          If there are 5 pirates, pirate 5 needs two more votes. There is no way he can get two more votes since 
          there is only one gold coin to bribe with. Pirate 5 dies regardless of his proposal.

          If there are 6 pirates, pirate 6 needs two more votes. He will surely get pirate 5’s vote since pirate 5 will die 
          if pirate 6 dies. If pirate 6 and pirate 5 die, pirate 4 will survive but will not get the gold coin. 
          Pirate 6 can bribe pirate 4 with the gold coin and get his vote. That makes a total of 3 votes allowing pirate 6 to survive. 
          He can also give the gold coin to pirate 1, 2 or 3 although giving it to pirate 2 or 3 is a little confusing 
          since either of them could get the gold coin in the case of 4 pirates.
